Update collector.mssql.md (#436)
martinlindhe/wmi_exporter: docs/collector.mssql.md

-----|-------------|------|-------
`wmi_mssql_collector_duration_seconds` | The time taken for each sub-collector to return | counter | `collector`, `instance`
`wmi_mssql_collector_success` | 1 if sub-collector succeeded, 0 otherwise | counter | `collector`, `instance`

> `wmi_mssql_accessmethods_au_batch_cleanups` | The number of batches per second that were completed successfully by the background task that cleans up deferred dropped allocation units | counter | `instance`

Reviewer: We expose this as a counter, rather than a rate, so should be
```suggestion
`wmi_mssql_accessmethods_au_batch_cleanups` | The total number of batches that were completed successfully by the background task that cleans up deferred dropped allocation units | counter | `instance`
```

> `wmi_mssql_accessmethods_au_cleanups` | The number of allocation units per second that were successfully dropped the background task that cleans up deferred dropped allocation units. Each allocation unit drop requires multiple batches | counter | `instance`

Reviewer: Same here, total number rather than rate

`wmi_mssql_accessmethods_by_reference_lob_creates` | Count of large object (lob) values that were passed by reference. By-reference lobs are used in certain bulk operations to avoid the cost of passing them by value | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_accessmethods_by_reference_lob_uses` | Count of by-reference lob values that were used. By-reference lobs are used in certain bulk operations to avoid the cost of passing them by-value | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_accessmethods_lob_read_aheads` | Count of lob pages on which readahead was issued | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_accessmethods_column_value_pulls` | Count of column values that were pulled in-row from off-row | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_accessmethods_column_value_pushes` | Count of column values that were pushed from in-row to off-row | counter | `instance`

> `wmi_mssql_accessmethods_deferred_dropped_aus` | The number of allocation units waiting to be dropped by the background task that cleans up deferred dropped allocation units | counter | `instance`

Reviewer: I don't have access to a MSSQL server to check this, but as this is documented as a counter, it probably is the total number of AUs ever deferred. Or it could also be that it should actually be a gauge.

> `wmi_mssql_accessmethods_deferred_dropped_rowsets` | The number of rowsets created as a result of aborted online index build operations that are waiting to be dropped by the background task that cleans up deferred dropped rowsets | counter | `instance`

Reviewer: Same as above - is this a counter or gauge?

`wmi_mssql_bufman_free_list_stalls` | Indicates the number of requests per second that had to wait for a free page | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_integral_controller_slope` | The slope that integral controller for the buffer pool last used, times -10 billion | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_lazywrites` | Indicates the number of buffers written per second by the buffer manager's lazy writer | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_page_life_expectancy_seconds` | Indicates the number of seconds a page will stay in the buffer pool without references | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_page_lookups` | Indicates the number of requests per second to find a page in the buffer pool | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_page_reads` | Indicates the number of physical database page reads that are issued per second | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_page_writes` | Indicates the number of physical database page writes that are issued per second | counter | `instance`
`wmi_mssql_bufman_read_ahead_pages` | Indicates the number of pages read per second in anticipation of use | counter | `instance`

> `wmi_mssql_bufman_read_ahead_issuing_seconds` | Time (microseconds) spent issuing readahead | counter | `instance`

Reviewer: Is this seconds, per the name, or microseconds?

Author: I believe it should be seconds

> `wmi_mssql_bufman_target_pages` | 	Ideal number of pages in the buffer pool | counter | `instance`

Reviewer: Trim whitespace

`wmi_mssql_dbreplica_log_compression_cachemisses` | _Not yet documented_ | counter | `instance`, `replica`
`wmi_mssql_dbreplica_log_compressions` | _Not yet documented_ | counter | `instance`, `replica`
`wmi_mssql_dbreplica_log_decompressions` | _Not yet documented_ | counter | `instance`, `replica`

> `wmi_mssql_dbreplica_log_remaining_for_undo` | The amount of log, in kilobytes, remaining to complete the undo phase | counter | `instance`, `replica`

Reviewer: Is this actually exposed as kilobytes, or is it bytes? Most things in the raw data we expose is actually bytes, even if MS converts to larger units in their presentation.
